3.1 The app allows users to upload and view photos in the S3 bucket, despite objects in S3 buckets being private by default. <br>
There are two layers of security at work here, the first one is flask, confirming the user has logged in, and whether or not a specific photo belongs to them. <br>
S3 isn't actually involved in this decision at all. <br>
What S3 does in this case is generates a pre-signed URL, which also generates a signature, and is the second layer of security.<br>
The function checks if the signature was generated by someone with valid IAM<br>
credentials, and allows the link to expire within a short period of time. Meaning the only security flaw would be if someone shared their link, but that is mitigated <br>
by the timeout.

3.2 The two GSIs that were created are useful in the sense that it allows you to run queries on attributes that aren't the primary key, which is great for quick lookups. <br>
The GSI for the user-photos-index allows for DynamoBD to maintain a seperate copy of the data grouped by user_id. This allows instant queries, regardless of the quantity of <br> photos in the table. Otherwise it would be very inefficient and costly to query the entire database for pictures.
The GSI for feed-index works in a similar manner, but with the feed. It keeps a seperate copy of data grouped by feed_key and it allows the behaviour of being able see photos that aren't private, while the ones that are private aren't in the index at all, meaning they won't show up on the feed. 
